When you feel terrific, notify your face.
Worry pulls tomorrow's cloud over today's bright sunshine.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
The easiest way to have your family tree traced is to run for public office.
Do all you can and trust God to do what you cannot.
A grouch is a person who somehow can manage to find something wrong with even the good old days.
If God shuts one door, He opens another.
Elbow grease gives the best polish.
Age is a high price to pay for maturity.
If at first you do succeed, hide your astonishment.
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places.
The one thing worse than a quitter is the person who is afraid to begin.
By the time somebody decides to make a long story short, it's already too late.
There is one art of which man should be master--the art of reflection.
People who look for the easy way out seem to have trouble finding an exit.
The most important ability is availability.
How come an educational system that put so much emphasis on penmanship produced so many doctors?
Marriage is like any other job--it's much easier if you like the boss.
Marriage is made in heaven--so is thunder and lightning.
The easiest way to find something you've lost is to buy a replacement.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
School is a building that has four walls--with tomorrow inside.
There are many ways of going forward, but there is only one way of standing still.
There is no great success without great commitment.
It's easy to tell when you've got a bargain...it doesn't fit.
It's not only quiet people who don't say much.
Nostalgia: Life in the past lane
Love conquers all, except poverty and toothache.
There is only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it.
Out of the mouths of babes come things parents never should have said.
Last year I made a list of things that I resolved to do--I'll use that list again this year--it's still as good as new.
Make tomorrow another day and not today's sequel.
Everything has its beauty--but not everyone sees it.
Nothing is as hard to do as getting off your high horse.
There is no happiness for people when it comes at the expense of other people.
Always hold your head up, but keep your nose at a friendly level.
A lot of us would like to move mountains, but few of us are willing to practice on small hills.
People are very open-minded about new things--as long as they're exactly like the old ones.
Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it.
You can't raise much of anything if you don't raise a little sweat.
The right to do something does not mean that doing it is right.
Most of us know how to say nothing, but few of us know when.
A friend is long sought, hardly found and with difficulty kept.
Forget the troubles that passed away, but remember the blessings that come each day.
A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
Raising kids is like building buildings- -you've got to spend time with them.
It is better to know some of the questions and all the answers.
Anyone who thinks there's safety in numbers hasn't looked at the stock market pages.
Fear of becoming a has-been keeps some people from becoming anything.
Better to be square than to move in wrong circles.
It is better to hold out a hand than to point a finger.
Doing you best is more important than being the best.
A cheerful friend is like a sunny day.
Some people treat their religion like a spare tire--they never use it except in an emergency.
When a pessimist has nothing to worry about, he worries about why he has nothing to worry about.
Forgiveness is like sunshine after a rainy day.
The most difficult part of getting to the top of the ladder is getting through the crowd at the bottom.
The more you say, the less people remember.
You are young and useful at any age if you are still planning for tomorrow.
An optimist is a person who sticks on the stamp before addressing the envelope.
A good rule to follow is to do unto others as though you were the others
It's always a good idea to seek the advice of others, but that doesn't mean you have to take it.
If the grass is greener in the other fellows yard, let him worry about cutting it.
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
We never miss the music till the sweet-voiced bird has flown.
If you really want the world to beat a path to your door, try taking a nap.
It's pretty hard to beat a neighbor who's as generous with his tomatoes as with his zucchini.
Work as though everything depended on you, and pray as though everything depended on God.
People who think they know everything can be a pain in the neck to those who really do.
All the world's a stage, but most of us are stagehands.
Contentment is contagious.
Don't give someone a piece of your mind unless you're ready to live with what's left.
Talk is cheap, until you talk to a lawyer.
A bad habit is nothing more than a mistake repeated.
People with patience put up with people they'd rather put down.
In the eyes of a child, there are 7 million wonders of the world
The people who are hardest to convince they're ready for retirement are children at bedtime.
Success has a simple formula--do your best, and people may like it.
When high school kids wear rags today, we call it self-expression--When I was young and dressed this way, we called it the Depression.
Between each dawn and setting sun, set aside some time for fun.
Grandchildren are God's way of compensating us for getting old.
No person ever advanced by traveling in reverse.
Happiness is a way station between too much and too little.
Don't waste time and energy setting your hopes for your children higher than your example
Maybe the reason so many folks have their backs to the wall is that they have been putting up too much of a front.
A dog is the only thing on this earth that loves you more than he loves himself.
The prevailing attitude these days seems to be if you don't finish first, you're last.
One-third of the people in this country promote, while the other two-thirds provide.
All that you do, do with all your might--Things done by half are never quite right.
Four be the things I am wiser to know: idleness, sorrow, a friend and a foe.
When I can't handle events, I let them handle themselves.
Do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.
Family reunions sometimes leave us with feud for thought.
Years wrinkle the skin, but lack of enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
If you're looking for a long rest, be on time for an appointment.
Tact is the ability to close your mouth before someone else wants to.
The trouble with car payments is that they sometimes continue running after the car does.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that you are constantly making new discoveries.
You can't turn back the clock--But you can wind it up again.
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
Time is not an enemy unless you try to kill it.
Drivers' licenses do not revoke walking privileges.
Some people have eyes that see not and ears that hear not, but never tongues that talk not.
The best attitude to have it gratitude.
Maybe people should swap problems-- Everyone, it seems, knows how to solve the other guy's.
Children who could be seen and not heard have been replaced by those who can be heard even when they're out of sight.
If television shows continue the way they're going, the public will soon be demanding longer commercials.
He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Giant oak trees started out as little nuts that held their ground.
People with coughs don't go to the doctor-- They go to the concert.
Lost time is never found again.
To disagree, one doesn't have to be disagreeable.
Nature is the art of God.
A truly contented person enjoys the scenery along a detour.
Another reason you can't take it with you--it goes before you do.
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
We do not inherit the Earth from our ancestors--we borrow it from our children.
Be cautious--Opportunity does the knocking for temptation too.
No brook is too little to seek the sea.
Joy is not in what we own...it's in what we are.
It is never too soon to be kind, for we never know how soon it will be too late.
No man who has caught a big fish goes home through an alley.
To think too long about doing something often becomes its undoing.
In the good old days, Uncle Sam lived within his income...and without most of ours.
The virtues of being punctual are largely offset by having to wait for people who aren't.
The buck doesn't stop these days--In fact, it doesn't ever slow down.
Happiness is nothing more than health and a poor memory.
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block.
The only good thing about free advice is that the price is right.
Gentleness and kind persuasion win where force and bluster fail.
If everything went like clockwork, the ticking would drive us nuts.
You make more friends by being interested in them than by trying to get them interested in you.
Doubt your doubts instead of your beliefs.
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
Give what you have; to some it may be better than you dare to think.
The biggest problem with perfection is what to do with all the unused erasers
Gossip: letting the chat out of the bag.
Pick your friends, but not to pieces.
Truth has only to change hands a few times to become fiction.
Some people know lots more than they tell-- Some don't.
The best thing you can spend on your children is time.
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it.
